the Basque team of the juniors continues to perform well in the tournament abgs
in four games played so far were three victories
it's a tie
in fact every Basque holds the lead of the competition from the first round
with three points more than the second placed
there are still five rounds remaining for the end of the qualifying round
but the giants of the hill have the chance to reach their rank for
next phase
already in the premiere
initial phase shift
the match will be held this Saturday
at three in the afternoon against Friburguense
despite the bad results of the beginning of the year
the Galdino coach guarantees an even more qualified team for the title of the
tournament in favor we were undefeated we qualified
and with
six points ahead of runner-up but in the knockout is another
That's what happened.
with us told jundiaí with the paulista in jundiaí
we matched the game we may have won the game
we took a goal
and finished the game and we were rated by many as his but what we saw as
lesson has to give more heart to technique
then we have just the + rainbow but the aie have more wrongdoing
that country dude
a change already confirmed by the Basque coach
is the entrance of the half arthur put of marble and fit the suspension in that
round due to expulsion in the previous game
actor who has been in the field in all matches in favor of this year hopes that
the Basque repeat the success of the same competition played in 2009
where the vascaínos were the champions the anatel is well is in the first place
the cetip win in the next game are already practically classified
8 is a job that is making us see do not do not start at that
difficult many a lot of pressure above us in the states of
sales
but thanks to God now the four young marias possible to make all date
expected
unfortunately humala will not be able to have stayed offers course more then it was
trimmed and preparing for work
everything as it is happy to repeat prepared makes a good start nadal in
that goes away of the style for the defender the silver of the house that already was to the
professional casting service
the junior guerrillas have plenty of reasons to seek the title
Friday the 7th in elementary school was already champion of the cup of Brazil on irã
was the Brazilian that happened was that the two sides
is a guy who deposited everyone has him as a reference by the person he is
by the work he does on the reasons for winning this title
had in 2009 is the base of everything to force the game in 2011